Document uploading nats-streaming provisioner images (#2332)
kyma-project/kyma: components/event-bus/README.md

|`make test`|Run all the tests.|
|`make vet`|Runs `go vet` on all sources including `vendor` but excluding the `generated` directory.|
|`make compile`|Builds a binary without running any tests.|

> ## Publish controller and dispatcher Docker images of Nats Streaming provisioner on Knative using `ko`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Knative NATS Streaming provisioner

To use [NATS Streaming based provisioner](https://github.com/knative/eventing/tree/master/pkg/provisioners/natss), we need to have the controller and dispatcher images available in gcr.
```

|`make test`|Run all the tests.|
|`make vet`|Runs `go vet` on all sources including `vendor` but excluding the `generated` directory.|
|`make compile`|Builds a binary without running any tests.|

## Publish controller and dispatcher Docker images of Nats Streaming provisioner on Knative using `ko`

[`ko`](https://github.com/google/go-containerregistry/tree/master/cmd/ko) makes it possible to publish an image for a Golang application without a Dockerfile. `ko` builds the application and creates a Docker image out of it. Follow these steps to publish Docker images for `controller` and `dispatcher` of Nats Streaming provisioner on Knative:

1. Install `ko`:

```
go get github.com/google/go-containerregistry/cmd/ko
```

2. Authenticate to Google Cloud, set project to `kyma-project`, and configure Docker.  

```
gcloud auth login
gcloud config set project kyma-project
gcloud auth configure-docker
```

3. Clone [knative/eventing](https://github.com/knative/eventing) and checkout the release branch you want to produce the images from.

4. Go to `natss` folder in knative/eventing:

```
cd eventing/pkg/provisioners/natss
```

> 5. Set `KO_DOCKER_REPO` to the repository and image path to be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Export the repository and image path as the **KO_DOCKER_REPO** environment variable.
```

```
export KO_DOCKER_REPO=eu.gcr.io/kyma-project/event-bus/knative/natss
```

6. Use `ko publish` to publish the Docker image for `controller`. `-t` is used to specify the tag, which should be the used Knative release branch. Setting `-B` disables the default behovior of adding MD5 hash after `KO_DOCKER_REPO`.

```
ko publish -B -t release-0.3 ./controller
```

> 7. Use `ko publish` to publish the Docker image for `dispatcher`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Run `ko publish` to publish the Docker image for `dispatcher`.
```

1. Install `ko`:

```
go get github.com/google/go-containerregistry/cmd/ko
```

2. Authenticate to Google Cloud Platform, set project to `kyma-project`, and configure Docker:

```
gcloud auth login
gcloud config set project kyma-project
gcloud auth configure-docker
```

3. Clone [knative/eventing](https://github.com/knative/eventing) and check out the release branch you want to create the images from.

4. Go to the [`natss`](https://github.com/knative/eventing/tree/master/pkg/provisioners/natss) folder:

```
cd eventing/pkg/provisioners/natss
```

5. Export the repository and image path as the **KO_DOCKER_REPO** environment variable.

```
export KO_DOCKER_REPO=eu.gcr.io/kyma-project/event-bus/knative/natss
```

6. Run `ko publish` to publish the Docker image for `controller`. Use the `-t` parameter to specify the Knative release branch tag. Add `-B` to disable the default behavior of adding MD5 hash after **KO_DOCKER_REPO** variable.

```
ko publish -B -t release-0.3 ./controller
```

> 7. Run `ko publish` to publish the Docker image for `dispatcher`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Run `ko publish` to publish the Docker image for the dispatcher.
```
